								OOPS	
The OOP prescribed a set of rules that has to be satisfied by language to be called as ‘Object Oriented’ those are called 

	1.	Encapsulation 
	2.	Abstraction 
	3.	Inheritance 
	4.	Polymorphism

What is Instance Members/ Non static members? 
The members of class which required object of class for the initialization/execution was known as ‘Instance members’.


What is the difference between constants and read-only and dynamic?
Constant : Constant variables are declared and initialized at compile time. The value can't be changed afterward since it is static by default.  
Read-only: Read-only is used only when we want to assign the value at run time
Dynamic  : it will not check the Type at compile time, it will check at run time, dynamic d=10;


Static vs private vs copy constructor?
Copy constructor:Copy constructor is a parameterized constructor that contains a parameter of same class type is called as copy constructor.  
                Main purpose of copy constructor is to initialize new instance to the values of an existing instance.(copying variables from another object )

                employee emp1 = new employee("Aadhya", 07);     // Create a new employee object.
		employee emp2 = new employee(emp1);             // here is emp1 details is copied to emp2

private constructor: private constructor is used to prevent a class to be instantiated. 
		     But, If a class has other public constructors, then that can be instantiated. OR
                     Private constructor is ensuring that object is not instantiated other than with in the class itself
		     It provides an implementation of a singleton class pattern

		 public static int count;
                 private employee(){}
		
		 employee e=new employee();                  // Error
		 Console.WriteLine(employee.count = 500);    // 500

Static constructor: It is used to initialize static members of a class. It is called by CLR, not by creating instance of the class. 
	            It is called when class is loaded.(it will be invoked only once for all of the instances of the class)
	            It cannot be explicitly called by code. Static constructor has no parameter. A class can have only one static constructor.

 	       static employee(){
            	 Console.WriteLine("Static Constructor");  }

  